well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
california
and everything going on there and uh
we're going to talk about one of my
favorite holidays
a very unconventional unorthodox and
certainly unofficial holiday that's been
around for like five years and is maybe
celebrated by like 500 people
and we're going to talk about a bizarre
situation
that has brought that whole thing full
circle
but before we do that
i want you to picture some of your
heroes
people have who have truly changed the
world
once you get them in your mind
because years ago a friend of mine a guy
named brian
he was a veteran who had gone over and
definitely done his part
he said something and it caught
everybody's attention
he said that while it may be somebody in
his profession
a soldier who at times
protects freedom or protects your rights
that more often than not those freedoms
or
rights were obtained
by a criminal
interesting concept right but it's true
obviously it doesn't apply to all
criminals however
from the heretics of old
who brought about modern science to
those who just
would not stop doing what they had
always done and therefore today
you can have the beverage of your choice
to those who might have bent the rules
to make sure that you have the right to
vote
to those who stood against some of the
greatest injustices
the world has ever known
they might be heroes today
but then they were criminals
therefore august 22nd is think a
criminal day
what does this have to do with
california right
california is currently battling more
than two dozen
major wildfires and 300 smaller ones
under normal circumstances they have a
resource that they can tap into
inmates inmates getting paid two to five
dollars a day
and a dollar an hour while they're
actually out there working against the
fire
however because
you can't really socially distance
inside
half of those teams they're down
they're not out there working and that
put the state of california in a pretty
tight spot
so much so that when
the inmate heroes were unavailable
the governor called out soldiers the
national guard
to pick up the slack all kind of came
full circle
so think back to those heroes
that you uh pictured in the beginning
how many of them had mug shots
anyway it's just a thought
you all have a good day